Update 'Configure firmware' step (#479)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/firmware/azure/BuildingUsingDocker.rst

    git clone --branch |version| --single-branch \\
      https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-firmware-azure firmware

> If you haven't configured the firmware yet, follow the :ref:`configure the firmware instructions <azure-firmware-configuration>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not configured the firmware yet, follow the :ref:`instructions for configuring the firmware <azure-firmware-configuration>`.
```

> Then, move the :file:`~/nrf-asset-tracker/firmware.conf` file into ``~/nrf-asset-tracker/firmware``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, move the :file:`~/nrf-asset-tracker/firmware.conf` file into the :file:`~/nrf-asset-tracker/firmware` folder.
```

************************

The built HEX file will be located in :file:`build/zephyr/merged.hex`.

Device credentials
******************

> For the device to be able to connect to the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure, now :ref:`create device credentials <azure-device-credentials>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the device to be able to connect to the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure, you must :ref:`create device credentials <azure-device-credentials>`.
```
